welcome to casino royale
crammed with no time to die soon coming
out let's take a look back at the daniel
craig james bond movies by starting with
the 2006 debut that gave us for grounded
modern reality we were all craving for
after the power ranger nightmare that
was die another day
let's go
we called open to prague and a british
intelligence section chief who bond is
waiting for because the man has been
selling secrets
but dryden's not intimidated as james
isn't a double o assassin yet with two
kills to his name
well actually bond is already halfway
there having
intercepted and killed dryden's contact
in a grim and messy bathroom fight
but the second kill is always
considerably easier
bang to the barrel sequence with playing
card inspired fractals that imply a
number of subsequent missions and
experience as a double-o agent for queen
and country down in uganda the
mysterious mr white puts a warlord
general in touch with a creepy banker
called lashif who handles bad guy money
promising no risk
and worldwide access but is actually
gambling it on the side with dodgy stock
market plays
meanwhile in madagascar bond is tailing
a bomb maker but agent carter gives
himself away
and the chase is on this guy is a fast
and fluid parkour expert in a panic
while bond is a calm powerhouse who uses
whatever he can to give himself the
advantage
with no fort for collateral damage they
chase their way into a construction site
that does not go well for the workmen
and for every agile climbing and leaping
move a bomb maker pulls off james
answers with shrewd on the spot decision
making and general powerhousing towards
his objective
showing us a very physical agent that
can take a beating
but he makes it to the apparent safety
of the nambutu
embassy which bond shows absolutely no
respect for
by strolling in clocking everyone and
then dragging him back out again
under military gunfire to a courtyard
standoff where james
ruthlessly changes tactic by giving up
on taking him alive
and escaping instead with the man's bag
which has had a pipe bomb in there the
whole time
careful along with the code word
ellipsis that was sent to the guide's
phone
well all of this has caused a bit of an
international incident that has made his
boss
m very grumpy so instead of coming back
to the office
bond traces the phone contact to the
bahamas by breaking into em's house and
using her terminal instead
pissing her off royally even though she
does still trust him to do his job
so he flies over to the ocean club hotel
in nassau
where he scopes out for security gets
mistaken for a valet
and creates a distraction that allows
him to check for cctv to the time and
date of the ellipsis message
which has been sent by alex dimitrios a
slimy bugger with some bad associates
who lives just up the beach
so after about a thousand sit-ups bond
scopes out the area to check out the
view
and then goes out of his way to piss the
man off by smashing him at poker
winning his vintage aston martin and
then with a little smooth talking
also banging his supermodel wife turns
out demetrios had recruited that bomb
maker to work a job for lachief
and now that he's dead offers a
replacement terrorist in order to
maintain his reputation having to fly
out to miami airport last minute
where something is happening to hand the
details over to the new guy
meaning he won't be home to disturb her
fun but neither will a bond who's an
agent on the job and races over to tail
dimitrios to the body world's exhibit
where he blind drops a bag key to his
backup contact
but he's a professional who scoped bond
and the two engage in a tense and silent
forearm strength knife fight hidden in
plain view
before bond gets the drop sits him down
and then tails the next guy who's
already on the move
at miami airport the guy ducks out and
gets changed into a security uniform to
access a restricted area bond calls in
the situation to hq
and it seems for guy's target is the
unveiling of a brand new sky fleet
airbus prototype and
realizing that elip says it's for
passcode to the airport security he
continues his pursuit through the fire
alarm but was set off to cause further
distraction
so our terrorist hooks a small explosive
to an oil truck
and drives it across the airport to
intercept the plane
bond power runs up a stairlift to jump
on and get fighty
causing a massive ruckus on the airfield
and forcing planes to abort their
landings
but he notices the detonator during a
beatdown before going in for one last
tussle
but the terrorist leaps free forcing
bond to slam the truck into a controlled
power slide
to stop it from smashing into the plane
nice
save so he's promptly beaten and
detained by security
only for the smug killer to trigger the
bomb on the truck
which bond had actually hooked back onto
the guy's belt
during the fight for some instant karma
and with the success of the airbus
launch
le chief who was kinda hoping it would
blow up has now lost
over a hundred million dollars worth of
his clients money on the stock market
that he was not supposed to be toying
with in the first place
so he's putting together a high-stakes
poker tournament in montenegro in a
slightly desperate bid to win back
everything he's lost as soon as possible
and as the best player in
mi6 bond has to join and stop him from
winning
forcing le chifra to defect over to
british intelligence
before he's murdered by his own shady
clients plus a little tracking device
seeing as he keeps going off for books
on the train over he meets his contact
from the treasury vesper lind
who thinks the plan is terrible because
if they lose for money then they're
directly funding terrorism
and sums up bond perfectly after he
tries to read her
thoroughly rubbing each other the wrong
way once settled into the hotel for the
tournament
bond meets his local contact mathis
who's charmingly able to frame the
corrupt local chief of police who is on
leshif's payroll in order to give them
the freedom to operate
bond and vesper both buy each other some
superior evening wear
and starting the game all of the rich
players each deposit
10 million euro into escrow for the
winner of the tournament to claim
for round one of the cards bond makes a
loss but it's really more of a trade-off
to observe leshif's body language when
he's bluffing with a bad hand
so staying cool he concocts a custom
martini pops a listening device in le
chifra's inhaler and
during first recess spies from just
outside his room
but inside that ugandan warlord from
earlier would like to know where his
money is
threatening some serious action should
he lose the game
on the way out they spot bond's earpiece
despite a make-out diversion
and it leads to a stairwell fight that
violently travels down before a
desperate and bloody choke to death
with some help from vesper leaving the
accountant feeling pretty traumatized
about being an accomplice to murder
and showing a moment of empathy from
james
round two and the stakes keep getting
more serious with the weaker card
players
starting to drop off but lashif has his
tell
that implies a weak hand causing bond to
step
up to the high value bet but it's a trap
le chief's hand was strong and he seems
to have known that bond had observed
his habits taking all of his money and
vesper now refuses to fund him any
further
causing bonds to slip into plan b and
just
kill the chief but thankfully he stopped
rather thoroughly by one of the other
players
who turns out to be felix lighter with
the cia who offers to cover bond to buy
back into the game
because he's seen what a good player he
is so long as it's the americans who get
to bring in lashief once he's lost all
his money and needs their protection
so now that he's back and playing as
strongly as ever lucifer is worried and
resorts to a little plan b of his own
some poison in bond's drink james
immediately knows that something is
wrong
and tries to mix a little salt water
throw up juice before getting to the car
and calling in support
the doctors back at hq diagnose for
poison and after a combi pen
shot instruct him to take a hit off the
defibrillator to keep his heart going
but in his collapsing state he's unable
to wire the thing
and passes out before vesper comes to
his aid and brings him back herself
shocked by his instant concern for her
well-being
and so the final round of cards comes to
the great grand
bet that sees every remaining player go
all in
each revealing an increasingly better
hand only to be topped by le chief
but it's bond who turns out victorious
with a ballsy straight flush
outplaying the black market accountant
and taking
all of his money so enjoying a cozy
post-game victory dinner
vesper is called away just in time for
bonds to realize it must have been
mathis who warned lashifa about his tell
and spots her getting bungled away
before a high-speed
chase that turned into a wild car crash
to avoid hitting her in pursuit
and so he's dragged off by the shiftless
men who cut out his tracking device
before some interrogation
down in the barge district things are
suddenly not looking good at all and a
stripped
bond has this junk beaten with a rope
cosh as lashif tries to get his banking
password for all of the money that he's
won
but they are interrupted as mr white has
arrived to put an
end to things because you see his
mysterious organization is less
concerned about the funds
and more concerned about who they can
trust killing lechief
on the spot oh my god
and so it seems that bond and vesper
weren't killed along with the others
as if someone was trying to send a
message and while recuperating on naboo
the secret service take mathis away for
a bit of a chat so that he and vesper
can finally let their guard down around
each other she's finally warmed to
bond's charm
and after transferring the winning funds
back into the treasury account
she seems to struggle emotionally with
the recent gruelling events
before putting her past behind her and
leaving it all
for a lover's cruise to venice bond is
ready to quit mi6 for a happily ever
after
but the film is still going vesper pops
off for supplies
as m phones into advice for treasury
never received their money back
it's actually being withdrawn from a
bank at that very moment
vesper has been working for mr white's
organization
this whole time and bond tracks them
through the city
to kill her handler with a nail gun
along with some more collateral
destruction on the way
she ends up trapped and in her grief and
guilt
seals her own fate and chooses to drown
bond has a lot to process as mr white
slips away with the money bond remains
cold again
even when m reveals vesper must have
bargained for his life
and was dragged into things unwillingly
after the organization
kidnapped her former lover but she's
left him
one last clue and so down at his italian
villa
mr white receives a rather spicy phone
call
and gets introduced to the now
galvanized
double-o agent james bond
so thanks a lot for watching and i hope
you've enjoyed having casino royale
crammed inside of you these are full-on
recaps that skip
nothing and take ages to make so a great
big
thank you if you've decided to hit that
subscribe button as it actually
really helps i'll see you next time and
take care